[Doc] Describe clean consumed feature (#46)
logstash-plugins/logstash-input-dead_letter_queue: docs/index.asciidoc

&nbsp;

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-clean_consumed"]
===== `clean_consumed`

  * Value type is <<boolean,boolean>>
  * Default value is `false`

> Deletes the DLQ segments that has been read, when it's configured.
> This feature implicitly requires `commit_offsets` set to `true`, if it's not then result in a configuration error.
> It's supported only for Logstash >= 8.4.0. If this setting is `true` and Logstash version doesn't provides this feature then result in a configuration error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to `true`, this option deletes the DLQ segments that have been read.
This feature requires that `commit_offsets` is set to `true`. If not, you'll get a configuration error.
This feature is available in Logstash 8.4.0 and later. If this setting is `true` and and you are using a Logstash version older than 8.4.0, then you'll get a configuration error.
```
